    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    it is extra meaning that allows computers to translate the meaning 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      HTML is used to create electronic documents that are on  the web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
     additional characteristics or properties of the element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 is a title tag and should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    imgs and id's
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we put the <header> tag
    7. What is an id?
    it is a attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element in html
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
     only once per page
    10. What is a class? 
    a .class specifies one or more classNames for an element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
     you can add things like font-size, font-family, color, and many many more.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
     there isnt a limit though it is better to use many class with different classNames
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    by doing target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    specifies an alternate text for an image
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id To select an element with a specific id, write a hash (#) character, followed by the id of the element.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The section tag defines sections in a document like headers, footers while a div tag defines a division in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for?
    to style the elements and the webpage its self. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    difference between an id and a class is that an id can be used to identify one element while a class can be used to identify more than one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className {

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
     selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    <div class= "sidebar">
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    it is that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    by useing the line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    by using the letter-spacing properties
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    by using the text-transform: ; property
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
       border: 1px border dotted black 
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
   
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
command ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    you use command rm. careful cuz after it is gone for good.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?